Review Git for Beginner (#157)
C2SM/git-course: beginner/Exercise_5_remotes.md

The output should look like this:
```
* main

>   remotes/origin/HEAD -> origin/main

Author: ```suggestion
  remotes/my_remote/HEAD -> my_remote/main
```

  remotes/my_remote/main
  remotes/my_remote/updated_schedules
```

Here is what these branches mean:
- `main`: This is your current local branch.

> - `remotes/origin/HEAD -> origin/main`: This shows the default branch (HEAD) of the remote named `origin`, which points to its `main` branch. `origin` is usually the default remote.

Author: ```suggestion
- `remotes/my_remote/HEAD -> my_remote/main`: This shows the default branch (HEAD) of the remote named `my_remote`, which points to its `main` branch. This line is not shown by all Git versions.
```
